what do you do when you're making over a
room and you need some really
inexpensive wall art well you make your
own stay with me because I'm Serena from
third diving comm and I'm going to show
you how to make this okay so the first
thing we're going to do is we're going
to take our cut boards they're all
different lengths I'm not going to worry
about that right now what I'm going to
do is find the two shortest ones that I
want to make up the back so this is what
we're going to nail it down with so I'm
going to lay these here parallel and
then take the rest of my boards and I'm
going to just lay them on top eventually
what I'm going to do is cut them to size
so now that I've got them pretty much in
the position that I want them to be and
I'm going to take my um real be nail gun
don't you look oh okay so now we have
vacuums here and when we hang this on
the wall we can just put some of those
little hooks there now because this was
a rough cut I really was not measuring
at all all I'm going to do is take my
circular saw and just cut this to size
all right so we cut it down so now we've
got us almost a perfect square this is a
piece of scrap wood that I found at work
laying in the grass and I'm like whoa
Bree rustic wood yeah I got to get that
so now that we have the board
constructed you only want to lay our
stencils down these were cut with a
silhouette and it's going to say mommy
needs a laundry Avery
so the first thing I needed to do is
take the piece of this transfer paper
this is the paper that you're going to
want to use and you are transferring
your stencil on to your objects first
thing you're gonna do is just pull it
pull it off it's going to come right off
be sure if you look Tarrant
now that it's come off you're going to
take your first piece and you're going
to lay it down on top I'm going to make
sure all those bubbles are out all right
this is what you're going to do now what
you're going to do is pull up the
backing and the vinyl and you pull that
off the vinyl is going to stick to the
transfer paper now you're going to be
able to place this wherever you want so
I put it right
so what do you do when you need to make
over a room and you need some
inexpensive wall art you find some scrap
wood you get creative you put some scrap
wood on the back steps all really cool
the same and you got incent out